assets/colors/README.md, before:

# Brand Colors

This directory contains the official kieks.me GbR brand color palette, including developer files and visual swatches.

## Available Files

### Developer Files

- **colors.css** - CSS variables for web projects
- **colors.json** - JSON format with HEX, RGB, and CMYK values for JavaScript/TypeScript projects

### Visual Swatches

- **swatches/** - SVG color swatches for visual reference

## Primary Brand Colors

### Selection Colors

| Color                                    | Hex       | RGB                | Description                           |
|------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------------|---------------------------------------|
| ![Aqua](swatches/aqua.svg) Aqua          | `#00FFDC` | `rgb(0, 255, 220)` | Bright turquoise/aqua selection color |
| ![Navy](swatches/navy.svg) Navy          | `#1E2A45` | `rgb(30, 42, 69)`  | Dark blue/navy selection color        |
| ![Fuchsia](swatches/fuchsia.svg) Fuchsia | `#FF008F` | `rgb(255, 0, 143)` | Vibrant pink/fuchsia selection color  |

### Text Colors

| Color                                          | Hex       | RGB                  | Usage                          |
|------------------------------------------------|-----------|----------------------|--------------------------------|
| ![White](swatches/white.svg) White             | `#FFFFFF` | `rgb(255, 255, 255)` | Text color on white background |
| ![Dark Gray](swatches/dark-gray.svg) Dark Gray | `#333333` | `rgb(51, 51, 51)`    | Text color on white background |

## Usage

### For Developers

**CSS Example**:

```css
@import './colors.css';

.button {
  background-color: var(--color-primary);
  color: var(--color-secondary);
}
```

**JavaScript/TypeScript Example**:

```javascript
import colors from './colors.json';

const primaryColor = colors.primary.hex;
```

### For Designers

- Use the SVG swatches in `swatches/` directory for visual reference
- Import `.ase` (Adobe Swatch Exchange) files into Adobe Creative Cloud applications when available
- Refer to the Color Palette Guidelines for complete specifications

## Color Specifications

Brand colors should be documented with:

- **Hex values** - For digital/web use
- **RGB values** - For digital displays
- **CMYK values** - For print materials (to be added)
- **Pantone codes** - For professional printing (to be added)

## Color Usage

- **Primary colors** - Main brand colors for major elements (Selection colors)
- **Text colors** - Colors for text on white backgrounds
- **Accessibility** - Ensure color combinations meet WCAG contrast requirements

## Adding New Colors

When adding new colors to the palette:

1. Update the color definition files (CSS, JSON)
2. Add SVG swatch to `swatches/` directory
3. Ensure the color meets accessibility contrast requirements
4. Update the Color Palette Guidelines documentation
5. Generate new palette reference images if needed

**Note**: SCSS files are no longer maintained. Use CSS variables or JSON for your projects.

---

*For detailed color usage guidelines, see [COLOR_PALETTE.md](../guidelines/COLOR_PALETTE.md)*

Commit message:

fix(release): update asset documentation and streamline release process
Enhanced the release workflow by consolidating asset download instructions into a single ZIP file link and clarifying that individual files are not available. Updated README files for colors, fonts, and logos to reflect this change, ensuring users are directed to download the complete asset packages from the latest release ZIP.

assets/colors/README.md, after:

# Brand Colors

This directory contains the official kieks.me GbR brand color palette, including developer files and visual swatches.

## Available Files

**Note**: Assets are distributed as ZIP archives only. Individual files are not available for download.

### Developer Files

- **colors.css** - CSS variables for web projects
- **colors.json** - JSON format with HEX, RGB, and CMYK values for JavaScript/TypeScript projects

### Visual Swatches

- **swatches/** - SVG color swatches for visual reference

### Download

Download the complete color assets as part of the [latest release ZIP](https://github.com/kieksme/kieks.me.cicd/releases).

## Primary Brand Colors

### Selection Colors

| Color                                    | Hex       | RGB                | Description                           |
|------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------------|---------------------------------------|
| ![Aqua](swatches/aqua.svg) Aqua          | `#00FFDC` | `rgb(0, 255, 220)` | Bright turquoise/aqua selection color |
| ![Navy](swatches/navy.svg) Navy          | `#1E2A45` | `rgb(30, 42, 69)`  | Dark blue/navy selection color        |
| ![Fuchsia](swatches/fuchsia.svg) Fuchsia | `#FF008F` | `rgb(255, 0, 143)` | Vibrant pink/fuchsia selection color  |

### Text Colors

| Color                                          | Hex       | RGB                  | Usage                          |
|------------------------------------------------|-----------|----------------------|--------------------------------|
| ![White](swatches/white.svg) White             | `#FFFFFF` | `rgb(255, 255, 255)` | Text color on white background |
| ![Dark Gray](swatches/dark-gray.svg) Dark Gray | `#333333` | `rgb(51, 51, 51)`    | Text color on white background |

## Usage

### For Developers

**CSS Example**:

```css
@import './colors.css';

.button {
  background-color: var(--color-primary);
  color: var(--color-secondary);
}
```

**JavaScript/TypeScript Example**:

```javascript
import colors from './colors.json';

const primaryColor = colors.primary.hex;
```

### For Designers

- Use the SVG swatches in `swatches/` directory for visual reference
- Import `.ase` (Adobe Swatch Exchange) files into Adobe Creative Cloud applications when available
- Refer to the Color Palette Guidelines for complete specifications

## Color Specifications

Brand colors should be documented with:

- **Hex values** - For digital/web use
- **RGB values** - For digital displays
- **CMYK values** - For print materials (to be added)
- **Pantone codes** - For professional printing (to be added)

## Color Usage

- **Primary colors** - Main brand colors for major elements (Selection colors)
- **Text colors** - Colors for text on white backgrounds
- **Accessibility** - Ensure color combinations meet WCAG contrast requirements

## Adding New Colors

When adding new colors to the palette:

1. Update the color definition files (CSS, JSON)
2. Add SVG swatch to `swatches/` directory
3. Ensure the color meets accessibility contrast requirements
4. Update the Color Palette Guidelines documentation
5. Generate new palette reference images if needed

**Note**: SCSS files are no longer maintained. Use CSS variables or JSON for your projects.

---

*For detailed color usage guidelines, see [COLOR_PALETTE.md](../guidelines/COLOR_PALETTE.md)*
